|Viewing Single Post From: Spoilers for the Week of February 11th|
|Lil||Feb 1 2013, 09:58 AM|
Don't care about Chloe/Taniel/Jen-Jen. Don't care about Sami, really, but hoping that we get some good "SAMANTHA GENE!!" Marlena Death-Stares out of it. And "newfound" feelings. Please. If only.
STEFANO!! STEFANO, STEFANO, STEFANO!!!! :cheer:
|Spoilers for the Week of February 11th · DAYS: News, Spoilers & Discussion|

*sigh* Fundamentalist community, let me pass on some advice to you I learned from the atheistic community:
If you have set yourself on fire, do not run.
Okay? Okay?? Please?
Look, D, you had two months to say to Harvard in private emails, "Im sorry, I shouldnt have been using that animation in my paid presentations. I wont use it again. I really do like 'Inner Life', though, and would love to use it in classroom presentations, from the BioVisions site, if that is acceptable."
I sat here, for two months, waiting for that to happen, anything to happen, and it didnt. Two months, on your own terms, you could have written a similar post to yesterdays. I would have given you the benefit of the doubt-- maybe you didnt know the credits werent visible to the audience, and I wouldnt have said a word beyond this, as its Harvards problem, not mine. This would have been a funny joke to those of us involved in dealing with you people, but it would have been a PR non-issue for you.
But after you set yourself on fire, you didnt douse it out with a bucket of ice cold reality and accountability. You ran. And youre still running.
Why not just state "I screwed up. Sorry everyone." and move on? Why the excuses? Why the denial? Why the passive language? Why the vague words and cryptic capitalizations? Why the writes and rewrites of your 'press release'? We know it wasnt written of your own volition, or it would have been done *before* Harvard had to take action. And, your behavior before this, regarding this issue, is not indicative of someone who made an innocent mistake. Its weird.
So what with this frantic running? Is the inability to say "I was wrong" a pathological feature of Creationists? Or are you hiding something? Or is it both? Or is it more?
And now we get Casey weighing in on the issue, according to cre8id at AboveTopSecret.com-- PBS/NOVA online - Intelligent Design on trial:
...to my knowledge, Discovery Institute has neither authorized nor received nor is making use of any presentation that used that animation. We have had nothing to do with creating or selling a DVD of that animation, nor do we have anything to do with placing that presentation on Google Video.I dont know what he is talking about with that last part, but the first part sounds similar to DIs claims post-Dover ("WE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH DOVER!"). Maybe Luskin is telling the truth. Maybe this was a magic non-science Creation-friendly narration with convenient edits that AiG or ICR would have killed for... but only Dembski could find it... but he cant tell us where... and he didnt share it with anyone... and its subsequently disappeared from the Internet...
But that simply isnt what Ive been told. Maybe this was all a silly Dembski mistake, blown out of proportion due to his decision to remain silent... But what if we find more videos of more DI fellows, presenting this animation?
*shrug* If youve set yourself on fire, do not run, DI. If youve done it, better admit it to Harvard now, apologize, and move on.

A novel two-step immunotherapy approach has shown clinically beneficial responses in patients with advanced ovarian cancer. Following Lifestyle Recommendations Reduces Risk of Cancer Death
People who follow the diet and lifestyle recommendations laid out by the WCRF and the AICR have a 20 percent reduced risk of dying from cancer. UCSF Launches Social Networking Site for Patients and Families with Hereditary Cancers
For Immediate Release May 14, 2013 UCSF Launches Social Networking Site for Patients and Families... Genomic Test May Help Guide Prostate Cancer Treatment
The Oncotype DX® Prostate Cancer Test strongly predicts aggressiveness of disease. Statins Linked to Lower Risk of Liver Cancer in Hepatitis C
People infected with chronic hepatitis C are less likely to develop liver cancer if they are taking statins.
Radioimmunotherapy (RIT) is a type of targeted therapy that delivers radiation directly to cancer cells.... Urinary Incontinence
Overview The urinary tract includes the kidneys, the ureters, the bladder, and the urethra. The kidneys... Advanced Directives
Living Wills Every competent adult has, in most cases, the freedom to accept or refuse medical treatment.... Caregivers
What is Caregiving and Who are Caregivers? Caregivers are individuals who provide care to chronically... Chemotherapy for Older Patients: What You Should Know About the Risk of Infection
As you may already know, chemotherapy works by attacking the rapidly dividing cells it finds in the body,...
An ongoing series highlighting complementary therapies, adapted from The Complete Guide to Complementary... Clear and precise
Mohs surgery provides a tissue-sparing approach to skin cancer surgery. By Eleanor Mayfield Michele Kelsey... Chemical Reaction
Chemicals may be disrupting our hormones—and our health. By Laurie Wertich Exposure to synthetic chemicals... College Kids Kick Cancer
By Diana Price College kids and cancer—not two topics most of us would immediately connect. And yet... Cooking with Fruits and Vegetables
In the introduction to Ripe: A Fresh, Colorful Approach to Fruits and Vegetables (Running Press, 2011;...
Annual meeting brings together cancer experts from around the world. Kari Bohlke, ScD The 2011 Annual... Bone Fractures in Breast Cancer Patients More Frequent with Femara than with Tamoxifen
Researchers affiliated with the BIG I-98 Collaborative and International Breast Study Groups... Single Treatment with High-intensity Focused Ultrasound Effective for Localized Prostate Cancer
Researchers from McMaster University in Canada have reported that high-intensity focused... Marital Separation Impacts Cancer Survival
Researchers from the University of Indiana and the Fox Chase Cancer Center... 2009 Oncology Conference Coverage View up-to-date coverage of the 2009 Oncology Conference here.

Free the Cans! Working Together to Reduce Waste
In a blog about how people share, it’s worth the occasional reference to the bizarre ways that people DON’T SHARE. Is it safe to say we live in a society that places great value on independence, private property, personal space, and privacy? Even sometimes extreme value? Is that why people at an 8-unit apartment building in Oakland, CA have separate caged stalls for eight separate trash cans? I know it’s not nice to stare, but I walked by these incarcerated cans and could not help myself. I returned with my camera, so that I could share my question with the world: Why can’t people share trash cans or a single dumpster? Or, at the very least, why can’t the cans share driveway space?
The Zero Waste Movement has come to the Bay Area and it calls for a new use for these eight cages. Here are my suggestions:
- Turn two of those cages into compost bins. Fill one with grass, leaves, and vegetable scraps, let it decompose for six months, then start filling the second bin in the meantime.
- Put in a green can, which is what Oakland uses to collect milk cartons, pizza boxes, yard trimmings, and all food to send it to the municipal composting facility. If your city doesn’t do this yet, tell them it’s a great idea and they could be as cool and cutting edge as Oakland.
- Put in one or two recycling cans for glass, plastic, cardboard, paper, aluminum, etc.
- Put out a FREE STUFF box for unwanted clothing and household items. The neighbors could sort through it each week, and later put it out on the curb for passers-by to explore. Take what’s left to Goodwill or a comparable donation spot.
- Put in a few small bins for various items that can be recycled, such asbatteries and electronics, which can then be taken to an electronics recycling center every month or two. Styrofoam can be brought to a local packaging store or ceramics business that accepts used packaging material. Or, if you accumulate a bunch of plastic bags,take them to a store or to some other place that accepts used ones.
- Put in ONE trash can. By the time you compost, recycle, re-use, redistribute, and take a few other measures to reduce your waste, you’ll have almost no trash each week.
- Install a bicycle rack or locked bicycle cage.
- With the leftover space, put in a container garden and a bench where neighbors can gather and chat. A much more pleasant alternative to the garbage can jailhouse ambiance, wouldn’t you agree?

ORLANDO, Fla. — While the Rapid Recall Exchange, the 2-year-old industry recall portal, has signed up more than 600 manufacturer and retailer subscribers, it still lacks the “critical mass” of suppliers that would make it a primary source of recall information, according to trade association officials and retailers.
Manufacturers use the exchange to communicate timely and accurate product recall and withdrawal notifications to retailer and wholesaler headquarters, which in turn share the information with individual stores. The exchange's retail membership represents 85% of U.S. grocery volume — including 21 of the 24 largest supermarket chains based in the United States — but it still lacks key suppliers, especially in the fresh food sectors, said Pat Walsh, senior vice president, industry relations, education and research for Food Marketing Institute, Arlington, Va.
“We have good penetration [among manufacturers] on the dry grocery side — though it needs to be better — and need to expand in other fresh food verticals like meat, produce, deli and bakery,” said Walsh, who participated in a session on the RRE at the U Connect Live conference here earlier this month.
Major food distributors in the exchange, including Kroger, Wegmans and Wakefern, have recently sent letters to their vendors explaining that the only way they will accept recall information is via the RRE, noted Brian Lynch, senior director of business and industry development for the Grocery Manufacturers Association, Washington, who also participated in the U Connect Live session. In an April letter posted on www.rapidrecallexchange.org, Kroger asked all of its suppliers to subscribe to the exchange by July 1.
Michael Roberson, director of corporate quality assurance for Publix Super Markets, Lakeland, Fla., said in the U Connect Live session that the chain is “disappointed” in the number of manufacturers using the Rapid Recall Exchange.
“Only 222 of our grocery suppliers are signed up, and more than 1,000 have not yet joined,” Roberson said. “We need to have the entire food industry collaborating on the Rapid Recall Exchange.”
Last year, of the 300 recalls Publix experienced, fewer than 50 went through the RRE, he said, adding that industrywide only 15% of recalls were submitted to the RRE. A total of 65 recalls have been issued through the exchange industrywide since its September 2009 launch.
For recalls that went through the RRE at Publix, Roberson observed “the absolute excellence in the information that was communicated,” including product GTINs (global trade identification numbers), the reason for the recall, and photos. “If we get this information from our trading partners using RRE, then we eliminate most of the [internal] steps because everything works together through this tool,” he said. By contrast, for recalls that don't go through the RRE, “nine times out of 10 we're going back to trading partners and seeking out additional information.”
Publix has been proactive in urging manufacturers to join the exchange, Roberson said. In addition, Publix has expanded its supplier scorecard to monitor and rank suppliers on whether they leverage the RRE.
The RRE was created by FMI and GS1 US, Lawrenceville, N.J., which will be issuing a new version of the exchange, 2.3, in August.

September 28, 2010
2010 Season - Bowman pulls down CCIW honor
|Matt Bowman was named CCIW "Runner of the Week" after his fourth place finish at the Brissman-Lundeen Invitational in Rock Island, Illinois on September 24.|
Augustana senior Matt Bowman (Geneva HS, Elburn, Ill.) was selected as the “Runner of the Week” in the College Conference of Illinois & Wisconsin. Bowman’s strong performance helped the Vikings finish second at the Brissman-Lundeen Invitational at Augustana College in Rock Island, Illinois on Saturday, September 24. It was an impressive second place finish for head coach Paul Olsen’s crew as they beat four nationally ranked teams.
Augustana, ranked sixth in the latest U.S. Track & Field/Cross Country Coaches Association Division III Mideast Regional poll, was one of three teams ranked in the top 10 to compete at the meet. Wisconsin-Stevens Point, ranked fifth, took the team title with 23 points. Augustana finished second with 55 points while Wisconsin-Whitewater, the seventh ranked team in regional poll, placed third with 88 points. Olivet Nazarene took fourth (138), Truman State was fifth (150) and Greenville placed sixth (263).
The field also included a couple of ranked teams in the Division III Central Regional poll. Cornell College, ranked ninth, finished tenth in the team scores with 307 points. Grinnell, the number one ranked team in the Central region, finished 16th with 415 points.
Bowman led the way for Augustana with with a fourth place finish and a time of 25:10 over the 8,000 meter course. The Vikings had ten runners run a time of 26:01 or faster. Tim Thornburg of Wisconsin-Stevens Point won the individual race with a time of 24:58 while teammates Terry Witkowski and Joel Heroux finished second and third with times of 25:00 and 25:10, respectively.
Earlier this year, Bowman finished second overall at the Western Illinois Invitational in a time of 26:11 leading the Vikings to a team victory over a field that included Western Illinois, a Division I school. The next week Bowman was the second Viking runner to cross the line at the Illinois Intercollegiate Championships. He finished in a time of 25:49, which was good for a 26th place finish in a field made up of the top college runners in the state of Illinois.
Augustana, which has only lost to two NCAA Division III schools this year –North Central at the Illinois Intercollegiate meet on September 17 and this past week to Wisconsin-Stevens Point at the Brissman-Lundeen Invitational on September 24 – will have a weekend off before they head to Waverly, Iowa to run at the Wartburg Invite on Saturday, October 9.
Bowman, the son of Gary Bowman of Geneva, Illinois and Linda Bowman of Elburn, Illinois, is an art history major.

Kraft Foods has taken the Cadbury chocolate brand in a new direction, by combining it with cheese for the first time.
The company is bringing together two of its brands and launching Philadelphia with Cadbury, a chilled chocolate spread made from Philadelphia Light and Cadbury chocolate.
Kraft believes the new product has the potential to do very well and is targeting £10m in sales in the first year.
The new cheese and chocolate spread is being launched on 1 February and will be appear in the chilled dairy aisle next to plain Philadelphia Light.
It is launching in a 160g tub and a 120g four-pack of mini tubs, both with an rsp of £1.62.
Kraft is supporting the launch with a £3.2m marketing budget in 2012 and is targeting 2,000 tonnes in volume sales – equivalent to about £10m – in the first year.
If they reached this volume of sales, the new Philadelphia with Cadbury would have the same market value as Garlic & Herb, currently the biggest-selling flavour in the Philadelphia portfolio.
Kraft already offers chocolate variants of Philadelphia in Italy and Germany, using Milka chocolate and targeting the breakfast occasion.
In Germany, Philadelphia with Milka has generated €22.2m in sales since its October 2010 launch and has a 6.6% value share of the chocolate spread market.
Kraft Foods UK marketing manager Bruce Newman said:
“The UK product would be positioned as a snack.
“The breakfast market in countries such as Germany is more developed, and our consumer research firmly identified Philadelphia with Cadbury as a snack.”

You must be a registered member to view this page.|
If you are already a member, sign in now.
To register for your own account, sign up now.
Signing up will REMOVE MOST OF THE ANNOYING ADS from your screen.
CLICK HERE TO CREATE YOUR ACCOUNT
- Get advice
- Make friends
- Share your expertise
- Post in our forums
- Send private messages
- Join interest groups
- Be a community leader
- Track your mood
- Upload photos

|Facility Type:||Full Service Restaurant|
|Inspection date:||March 27, 2012|
|Number of critical violations:||3|
|Number of non-critical violations:||3|
Definition of critical and non critical violations
|Code||Observation / Corrective Action|
|2-201.11(A)(1)-(5)|| Critical Repeat Upon discussion with the person-in-charge, one or more of the elements of an effective employee health policy is either missing or incomplete. A complete employee health policy is required to be in place at the food establishment. At the time of this inspection, the Health Department provided and reviewed handouts and resource information to be used by the person-in-charge to develop a complete employee health policy.|
A complete employee health policy must have the following elements: 1) Employee training on foodborne illness, particularly symptoms of illness and prevention of the Big Five illnesses (see "The Big Five Foodborne Illnesses Information Sheet" handout); and 2) Documentation that employees have been instructed of their responsibility to report symptoms of, diagnosis of or exposure to foodborne illness to management (see "Employee Health Agreement" handout); and 3) A management plan to restrict or exclude employees, as applicable, who have symptoms, diagnosis or exposure to foodborne illness (see "Employee Illness Decision Guide for PIC/CFM" handout). The information provided at the time of this inspection will help you develop and implement this policy. Handouts are available in the following languages: English, Chinese (traditional), Korean, Spanish, Thai, and Vietnamese. If you have any questions about your employee health policy, please contact your area inspector or contact the Health Department at 703-246-2444, TTY 703-591-6435.
|2-301.15||Corrected During Inspection Two food employees were observed cleaning their hands in three compartment sink.|
ALL food employees shall wash their hands in ONLY a designated handsink.
|3-301.11(B)||Corrected During Inspection Critical A food employee was observed handling the following ready-to-eat food using their bare hands: bean sprouts and spring rolls.|
Except when washing fruits and vegetables, food employees may not contact ready-to-eat foods using their bare hands. Employees shall use suitable utensils such as deli tissue, spatulas, tongs, or clean disposable gloves to handle all ready-to-eat foods.
|5-205.11(A)||Corrected During Inspection Repeat The handwashing facility located in the kitchen is blocked by a rolling cart with meat slicer, preventing access by employees for easy handwashing.|
A handwashing sink shall be maintained so that it is accessible at all times for employee use.
|3-501.16(A)(2)(a)||Corrected During Inspection Critical The following food item(s) were observed cold holding at improper temperatures using a calibrated food temperature measuring device: bean sprout (56F) - moved to cooler. Manager will ice bean sprouts to keep temperature at or under 41F.|
Potentially hazardous foods (time/temperature control for safety food) shall be held cold at a temperature of 41°F or below unless the permit holder is using "time as public health control" as specified under 3-501.19 to limit bacteria growth.
|3-305.11(A)(3)|| Food stored on the floor and/or food stored less than 6 inches off the floor: in the freezer. |
Food shall be protected from contamination by storing the food at least 6 inches off the floor on approved shelving units or dunnage racks. Milk crates, soda crates, or bread racks are not suitable for food storage.

News of the Week
Barrie Spring Studio Tour
April 27th & 28th
10:00 til 4:00 pm
Come on down to Jill Price Studios this weekend to check out works I have created over the last year, as well as find some neat works from my artistic past in tje awesome sales bins created just for this weekend. You will also be able to see the upcycled creations of Lisa Brunetta. From popcan earrings to oil paintings of beach scenes, you may not need to head anywhere else.
Hit us first, if you still need to pick up a brochure.
Upcoming Workshops @ Jill Price Studios Online
I am offering a new series of workshops out of Gallery 111 starting this May. Web Savvy seminars for Creatives will help you build your online presence in an exciting and creative way so that you'll barely know you're doing business. To read about the workshops, click on the document below.
Also, the video of my Art Battle experience is now completed and posted on Vimeo. Watch parts 1 - 3 to get the full effect.
Rural Transitions: Team Selected
Latcham Annual Juried Exhibition
Sat. Apr.27 - Sat. June 1, 2013
Opening reception Sat. Apr. 27 1-3 pm.
I just found out that one of my mixed media textiles will be featured in the Latcham Gallery Annual Juried Exhibition this year. Selected by the jurors Katerina Atanassova, curator at the McMichael Canadian Art Collection in Kleinburg, Laura Millard, artist and professor at OCAD University in Toronto
and Sean McQuay, artist and professor at Durham College in Oshawa, I feel extremely honoured. Giving a juror's talk next Wednesday, I hope to speak with them directly and get some immediate feedback to my work. One of the coolest things about the Latcham gallery, is that it is right beside the sally ann in Stouville. A one stop shop for any artist!

Category Archives: 2010 – 2011
TO: The University Community RE: Budget Challenges for 2011-2012 and the 2011 Regular Legislative Session Weeks ago, the Jindal administration sought to lessen state-wide tensions over the future funding of postsecondary education by announcing that any budget cut for the 2011-2012 fiscal year would not amount to more than 10 percent. While providing no specificity [...]
Dr. Stephen T. Hulbert, president of Nicholls State University, issued the following statement today in response to Gov. Bobby Jindal’s higher education policy announcement:
TO: Faculty, Staff and Students FR: Stephen T. Hulbert, President A Message from the President Last week, senior members of my administration and I met with a group of ten regional legislators. For some months, I have wanted to request that session; but on each occasion I have held back, always being concerned with the [...]
TO: The University Community FR: Stephen T. Hulbert, President RE: Proposed Reorganization 2010 Accompanying this cover correspondence, you will find a proposed reorganization of the University’s administrative structure. I am sharing this material for review across the university’s shared governance constituencies as a means of both vetting the proposal and soliciting individual and group comment.

The Net Neutrality repeal vote is coming. Tell these Dems to vote Yes.
The House of Representatives is likely to vote tomorrow, Thursday, on the repeal of the FCC’s Net Neutrality power grab. Using the Congressional Review Act, the repeal of the Net Neutrality order can be accomplished in an expedited way. In particular this means the bill cannot be filibustered in the Senate, so passing it means something. As Seton Motley said: This is our first opportunity | Read More »

Game Index |
Deeper into the DarklandsYour Next Campaign picks up the action at Act II, in Beneath a Granite Sky, Part II.
[ Read FAQ | Subscribe to RSS | Partner Sites | Contact Us | Advertise with Us ]
Copyright © 1996-2009 Skotos Tech, Inc. & individual authors, All Rights Reserved
Compilation copyright © 1996-2009 Skotos Tech, Inc.
RPGnet® is a registered trademark of Skotos Tech, Inc., all rights reserved.

Great decorating addition
I have a grape/Italian theme in my kitchen. I purchased 5 of these. I decided to use them to put around my pull knobs on my overhead cabinets. Now I am ordering more to sprinkle around in other places in the kitchen - even to hang up via suction cups on my white kitchen tile.
September 20, 2012

Bible-black with a blinding white logo raging across the chest. It’s the time honoured Black Band Tee. Every band has one. If you’re in a band and you ain’t got a Black Band Tee then you ain’t even in a band, you’re in a sham! And if you’re a fan of a band and you don’t own the Black Band Tee then what kind of fan are you? Hey?? Sort it out!! Grab yourself a tees worth of black cotton power and put it to the test. Good for you.
White as the driven snow, with a filthy black logo centre stage, this tee is cut to make you look like you just got back from the marina where you burned your billion dollar super-yaught down to the waterline just to freak the snot out of all the other billionaires. Good for you.
Want to be a Civil Civic model? Send us photos of yourself/friends/animals in a CC Tee and we might just use it here.

No matter what you do, it just won’t stop — and you like it.
It’s not your mom’s relentless text messages (unfailingly signed “Love, Mom”), the chocolates your boyfriend sends to your cubicle daily (you wish), or even that stupid overplayed commercial (which happens to be hilarious). It’s the exhilarating scent of new Downy Unstopables Scent Booster.
Toss the special beads of concentrated freshness in any washing machine at any temperature or blend it with your favorite Downy liquid fabric softener for an enhancing burst, and find your laundry routine transformed into a thrilling sensory experience.
Whether you prefer the clean crispness of Fresh (combine it with Clean Breeze) or the soothing indulgence of Lush (with Simple Pleasures Lavender Serenity), you’ll be glad to know that Unstopables fragrances stick around till you’re ready for laundry day’s return.
Buy wherever Downy is sold. Learn more online at downy.com.

Michigan unemployment claims workers are losing their jobs.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Many jobless claims workers in the state of Michigan will soon be filing for unemployment themselves.
About 400 state workers who process unemployment claims are losing their jobs thanks to Michigan's improving economy.
The state had beefed up its staff with more than 175 temporary workers in early 2009, when weekly jobless claims topped 500,000 and the unemployment rate was on its way to a 14.2% peak.
But the revival of the auto industry has turned around Michigan's fortunes -- the state's job growth outpaced the nation's in 2011. The unemployment rate has steadily declined to its current 8.6%. And jobless claims have plummeted to 187,000.
When the unemployment rate drops, so does the federal support for administering benefits. Without those funds, Michigan will have to let go of the temporary workers, as well as 225 permanent staffers, totaling about one-fifth of the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs' staff.
"Unfortunately for them, the economy has gotten better," said Mario Morrow, spokesman for the department. "It's a good news/bad news situation."
Michigan is not the only state laying off or reassigning workers who staffed unemployment benefits call centers and processed claims. With the economy recovering, about half the nation's states are dealing with reduced federal funding, forcing them to make staffing changes.
Also, President Obama's 2009 stimulus act doled out even more money to help cover states' increased unemployment benefits caseloads. But those funds have pretty much dried up.
So even states where the jobless rates are still high are forced to make changes.
In California, which has the nation's third-highest unemployment rate at 10.7%, the state has shifted unemployment workers to disability insurance and tax processing after losing federal support.
Rhode Island, meanwhile, laid off 65 workers, most of them on temporary assignment, after running out of stimulus funds. This comes even as the state still battles a 10.9% unemployment rate, the second-highest in the nation.
The state would need $4.6 million to keep them on for another year, said Laura Hart, spokeswoman for the Department of Labor and Training.
|Apple set for showdown on Capitol Hill over corporate taxes|
|Tesla's fight with America's car dealers|
|Why I'm protesting against Gap over Bangladesh|
|The biggest merger you didn't hear about today|
|Overnight Avg Rate||Latest||Change||Last Week|
|30 yr fixed||3.67%||3.62%|
|15 yr fixed||2.80%||2.76%|
|30 yr refi||3.65%||3.61%|
|15 yr refi||2.80%||2.76%|
Today's featured rates:
|Latest Report||Next Update|
|Home prices||Aug 28|
|Consumer confidence||Aug 28|
|Manufacturing (ISM)||Sept 4|
|Inflation (CPI)||Sept 14|
|Retail sales||Sept 14|

A week ago, talk about Nebraska's running game centered on its stable of talented running backs. Now, you have to throw the quarterback into the mix as well. After redshirt freshman Taylor Martinez gashed Western Kentucky for 127 yards and three touchdowns on just seven carries last Saturday, the Huskers' ground attack became even more dangerous that it already was to begin with.
Considering NU faces an Idaho defense that gave up 148 rushing yards to I-AA North Dakota last week, Martinez and backs Roy Helu, Rex Burkhead and Dontrayevous Robinson should once again put up some big numbers on the ground this week.
NU Pass Offense vs UI Pass Defense
With Martinez getting the start once again today, it will be interesting to see if he's able to do a little more through the air against a Vandal defense that ranked 116th nationally in pass defense last season. Last week, Martinez completed some nice passes, but he also got away with some risky throws that arguably should have been picked off.
Idaho held North Dakota to just 122 passing yards and picked off two passes last week, but then again, it was against North Dakota. Nebraska's wide receivers will be some of the biggest the Vandals' secondary will face all season, and there's really no reason why the Huskers can't be a little more aggressive against such a physically inferior defensive backfield.
UI Rush Offense vs NU Rush Defense
The 155 yards and a touchdown Western Kentucky's Bobby Rainey put up against Nebraska last week were definitely reasons for concern, especially considering NU didn't give up that many yards against any of the talented backs it faced all last season. However, the players and coaches have insisted Rainey's big day was more a result of communication and alignment issues on their part and not because they were physically beaten up front.
The good news for the Husker defense is that Idaho doesn't present nearly the challenge WKU was in the run game. Sure, they rushed for nearly 150 yards and three touchdowns against UND, but the Vandals still lost four starting offensive linemen from last season, and their pass-first mentality doesn't necessarily do much for the running game either. Also, word is that sophomore Eric Martin will get the start at linebacker over Alonzo Whaley, so NU should be even more physical against the run.
UI Pass Offense vs NU Pass Defense
If there's one area where Nebraska should genuinely be concerned about going into today's game, it's how they're going to handle Idaho's explosive passing attack led by quarterback Nathan Enderle. The Huskers' secondary is considered one of the biggest strengths of the defense, but it certainly wasn't tested much at all last week.
That definitely won't be the case today, as there's no doubt that the Vandals will come out slinging the ball all over the place. Enderle and Co. passed for 399 yards and three touchdowns last week, but the passing game definitely wasn't perfect. North Dakota racked up four sacks in the first half alone and also added an interception.
Special Teams, What If's and The X-Factor
As usual, Nebraska gets the edge on special teams primarily because of senior kicker/punter Alex Henery and punt returner Niles Paul. Henery didn't really have to do much last week, and Paul came oh-so-close to breaking a couple of punt returns. In addition, kickoff specialist Adi Kunalic and kickoff returner Tim Marlowe did excellent jobs. Kunalic put two kickoffs into the end zone for touchbacks, and Marlowe averaged 34.5 yards per return. Idaho return man Justin Veltung is a threat on kick returns, but Kunalic should be able to make him a non-factor.
Nebraska Will Win If:
It continues to dominate in the run game and finds a way to put pressure on Enderle all game. Though Idaho's offensive line weighs in at an average of roughly 340 pounds, Nebraska's defensive line is much faster and more athletic, and it should be able to put some serious heat on Enderle and at least throw him off his rhythm. And if Martinez pulls off another performance like he did last week, then it's pretty much game over right there.
Idaho Will Win If:
It can force Nebraska to pass the ball and create some turnovers while also putting up some points through the air. Enderle is one of the better quarterbacks in the country right now, and if he can get enough time in the pocket to go through his reads he should be able to find some holes in NU's coverage, especially considering the inexperience at linebacker and safety.
There's no question that the one element Nebraska has that Idaho doesn't is a natural playmaker like Martinez. What he lacks in experience and his sometimes questionable decision making he more than makes up for with the ability to score every time he takes a snap. Add in Idaho's recent defensive struggles, and Martinez could be in for another highlight reel performance, which will only further separate himself from the rest of the pack as clear cut starter at quarterback.

Amazon.com (AMZN) will have a difficult time meeting analyst expectations this quarter given its several significant headwinds. The two most prominent headwinds relate to revenue, namely the imposition of state sales taxes on Amazon e-commerce revenue and the large increase in federal taxes impacting consumer demand. There is another additional key headwind that is rarely discussed in relation to Amazon, but has and will continue to have a significant impact on operating income - the price of gasoline. While it should be no surprise that gasoline impacts shipping costs, this article enables the reader to accurately predict the impact of gasoline price changes on gross margin, operating income and earnings per share.
While Amazon is quite stingy in the investment information it releases to investors (missing are tablet units, impact of sales tax, streaming users, 3P total merchandise value, AWS COGS, etc…), they do let us know their gross and net shipping expenses. Figure 1 charts gross shipping expense as a percentage of e-commerce revenue against average US gasoline prices in the quarter (regular unleaded, average of all formulations and areas). The chart illustrates that shipping expense had increased steadily from about 7.5% of revenue to 8.6% - 8.9% during 2012. This occurred while Amazon was spending billions of capital on tens of new fulfillment centers closer to the customer to reduce shipping expenses. In order to understand this divergence, I dug a little deeper to determine what is driving the much faster than revenue increases in shipping expense even as shipping distances are being reduced.
Figure 1: Amazon Gross Shipping Cost as a % of E-Commerce Revenue and Average US Gasoline Prices
Through regression analysis of Amazon and government data, I built a shipping expense growth model that demonstrates high correlation to two obvious independent variables: The price of gasoline and what Amazon refers to as "Paid Units Sold" (Amazon defines "Paid Units Sold" as "physical and digital units sold" that "are paid units and do not include units associated with certain acquisitions, rental businesses, web services or advertising businesses, or Amazon gift certificates"). The Coefficient of Determination (R2) of this regression was a convincing 0.98, displaying that these two variables alone account for the variation in shipping expense growth. As a note, I thought paid unit growth of 1P units only would be a better predictor as not all 3P units are shipped by Amazon, but the total paid units had a better R2, so I stuck with that.
What does the Statistical Analysis Tell Us?
Here is the key takeaway: Every 2% increase in gasoline price reduces Amazon's overall gross margin by 10 basis points (BPS). At $16 billion in revenue, every 10 bps of margin reduction results in a $16 million reduction in operating income, or about 2.5¢ in earnings per share reduction. While 10 bps may not sound like a lot, 2.5¢ represents 28% of the analysts $0.09 consensus estimate for Q1. So a minor 2% shift up in gasoline costs can shift earnings lower by 28% in Q1.
Let's look at this in the wider context of future earnings potential. Amazon bulls like to point to 2009 Q4 as a shining example of Amazon profit potential as they achieved 4.0% net margin and $0.85 per share of earnings. They claim that once all of the current investments subside, Amazon will either return to or exceed those peak margin levels on much higher revenue. Here is a dose of reality for the bulls: If gasoline prices per gallon in 2009 Q4 were what it is today, Amazon would have earned a measly $0.02 per share instead of $0.85! That means given today's energy environment Amazon faces nearly 4.0% net margin headwinds from its prior peak performance.
Has The Fulfillment Center Build Out Strategy Had Any Positive Impact At All?
There is one other interesting result of the analysis to note: the model generated an additive constant term of negative 8.8%. That means that with zero unit growth and no gasoline price change, Amazon shipping expense would shrink by 8.8% Y/Y. This is the positive impact of the distributed fulfillment center strategy and is already baked into the current numbers - you just can't see it in Amazon's financial results due to higher gasoline prices and much higher unit shipments than revenue growth over the past four years. The end result is that although Amazon management recognized they need to do something to stem these two major headwinds, they have only lost ground. While they have increased fulfillment expense as a percentage of revenue by 270 bps, shipping expense has increased 120 bps as a percentage of revenue, thus reducing net margin by 400 bps over the past four years. Based on these trends it seems Amazon will need to continue to invest heavily in fulfillment expenses over the next several years just to return to 2009 shipping expense percentage levels of e-commerce revenue.
Is There Hope For Gasoline Prices to Return to 2009 Levels?
This is highly unlikely as the global financial crisis scared the energy markets into a severe dip (60% drop) at the end of 2008/early 2009. Gasoline prices have begun an exponential run up over the past few weeks and have well surpassed both the prior quarter and year ago quarter's level seven weeks into the quarter (Figure 2). Oil prices tend to lead gasoline prices by 4 to 6 weeks, so look for gasoline prices to continue to rise significantly into the end of Q1 to near all-time high levels ($4.11/gal) as oil continues to print new 9-month highs. That could mean all time high shipping expense as a percentage of e-commerce revenue for Amazon in Q2. The current White House Administration's tough policy approach on fossil fuels coupled with the Fed's QE infinity program should continue to pressure oil prices higher through at least 2015, leading me to wonder why Amazon is considered a "risk-on" trade with its strong inverse earnings sensitivity to oil prices. Not only does an increase in gasoline cost increase Amazon's shipping expense, it also lowers consumer's discretionary income, thus providing an additional headwind to revenue - a true double whammy.
Figure 2: Weekly US Gasoline Prices for Q/Q and Y/Y Comparisons
Core to Amazon's value proposition is the convenience of shipping product directly to your door. That service currently reduces operating margin by 870 bps (up from 750 bps three years ago) and is directly correlated to the cost of gasoline. For every 2% increase in gasoline cost, Amazon gross margin declines by 10 bps. This relation has reduced Amazon net margin by 400 bps to zero over the last four years. While spending billions on new distributed fulfillment centers has attempted to reduce the impact of soaring gasoline prices, shipping expenses as a percentage of e-commerce revenue continues to climb as Amazon paid units shipped far outpace revenue growth and gasoline price increases continue to override any Amazon efficiency gains. In the current money printing and political environment, energy costs are skyrocketing, thus having a direct and meaningful impact on Amazon profit potential for 2013 and beyond.
Note: Additional information on the model, data and analysis can be made available through my consulting practice.
Disclosure: I am short AMZN.

Tips for Preventing Medicare Fraud
The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office of the Inspector General (OIG) has created a new web site to provide tips for preventing Medicare fraud and medical identity theft. See HHS news release.
OIG’s new web site includes a brochure containing tips, where to report fraud, and other resources. In addition, CMS issued a Medicare Fraud & Abuse Fact Sheet earlier this year.

Polish-born Chicago boxer Andrew Golota will plead not guilty at a court date July 19 to charges of unlawful possession of 12 guns, his lawyer said Friday. "There are two sides to every story, and we look forward to a full exploration of the most recent allegations against Andrew," Matthew P. Walsh II said. Golota, 38, was released from police custody Thursday evening after being charged with the misdemeanor counts of possess-ing unregistered firearms. His owner's ID card to possess them had been revoked, according to police, who came to Golota's Northwest Side home Wednesday after two women had left there and called 911. No charges have been filed related to other allegations brought by the women.

I’ve a new release of NYTProf ready to upload but I’m stuck.
The CPAN Testers service is reporting a failure on a number of systems but I can’t reproduce it locally or work out the cause.
Can you reproduce the failure with Devel::NYTProf 2.07_94? If so, could you give me remote access via ssh? (Or spare some time to investigate yourself – I’ll happily clue you in if you can reproduce the problem.)
Update: No one could reproduce it. It seems that the failures was not what it appeared to be. A clue was that only one tester was affected. Devel-NYTProf-2.07_94.tar.gz unpacked itself into a directory called Devel-NYTProf-2.07. It seems that when using CPANPLUS if the user had already got an old Devel-NYTProf-2.07 directory its contents got merged and tests would fail. I’m not convinced that’s the whole story, but Devel-NYTProf-2.07_95.tar.gz unpacked into a Devel-NYTProf-2.07_95 directory and didn’t run into the problem.
Update: More usefully, Andreas made my wish come true by pointing out the –solve parameter to the ctgetreports utility in his CPAN::Testers::ParseReports distribution. It “tries to identify the best contenders for a blame using Statistics::Regression. [...] The function prints the [...] top 3 candidates according to R^2 with their regression analysis.” Cool.

Reprinted from the renowned Bach-Gesellschaft edition, this work features the complete Sonatas and Partitas for Unaccompanied Violin and the six Sonatas for Violin and Clavier. The music has been reproduced in a size large enough to read easily, with large noteheads, wide margins for notes, and lay-f... read more
Customers who bought this book also bought:
Our Editors also recommend:
The Art of the Fugue & A Musical Offering by Johann Sebastian Bach 19 canons and fugues (complete with a piano reduction). Also included is a set of canonical variations on a theme by Frederick the Great, complete with solutions and a realization of the keyboard part.
An Encyclopedia of the Violin by Alberto Bachmann First published in 1925, this renowned reference remains unsurpassed as a source of essential information, from construction and evolution to repertoire and technique. Includes a glossary and 73 illustrations.
The Three Violin Concerti in Full Score by Johann Sebastian Bach The Concerto in A Minor (BWV 1041), the Concerto in E Major (BWV 1042), and the Concerto for Two Violins in D Minor (BWV 1043) — reproduced from an authoritative edition.
Caprices and Etudes for Solo Violin by Nicoḷ Paganini, Henryk Wieniawski Here, in one large-format playing edition, are Paganini's innovative Caprices and Wieniawski's much-admired collections, L'Ecole Moderne and Etudes Caprices. The three scores offer hours of rigorous practice and rehearsal.
Mass in B Minor in Full Score by Johann Sebastian Bach The crowning glory of Bach's achievements in the field of sacred music, this work is a powerful statement of Christian faith. This affordable miniature score is a reprint of an authoritative edition.
Reprinted from the renowned Bach-Gesellschaft edition, this work features the complete Sonatas and Partitas for Unaccompanied Violin and the six Sonatas for Violin and Clavier. The music has been reproduced in a size large enough to read easily, with large noteheads, wide margins for notes, and lay-flat pages.
Reprinted selections from Volume 9 and Volume 27 of Johann Sebastian Bach's Werke, Bach-Gesellschaft, Leipzig, 1860 and 1879.
This book was printed in the United States of America.
Dover books are made to last a lifetime. Our US book-manufacturing partners produce the highest quality books in the world and they create jobs for our fellow citizens. Manufacturing in the United States also ensures that our books are printed in an environmentally friendly fashion, on paper sourced from responsibly managed forests.

Information contained on this page is provided by companies via press release distributed through PR Newswire, an independent third-party content provider. PR Newswire, WorldNow and this Station make no warranties or representations in connection therewith.
SOURCE Urban School Food Alliance (USFA)
Urban School Food Alliance Shows Solidarity by Serving the Same Menu to 2.9 Million Students
LOS ANGELES, March 20, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- In a show of solidarity in providing healthy meals to U.S. students, the Urban School Food Alliance (USFA), which consists of some of the largest school districts in the country, will be serving the same lunch menu to its more than 2.9 million students today. The six school districts, New York City Department of Education, Los Angeles Unified School District, Chicago Public Schools, Dallas Independent School District, Miami-Dade County Public Schools and Orange County Public Schools in Orlando, officially formed USFA earlier this year to use their purchasing power to continue to improve food quality for students while driving down costs.
"This show of solidarity is unprecedented," said Los Angeles Unified School District Food Services Director David Binkle. "It demonstrates that all the school districts in the alliance can work together to implement the same programs while serving nutritious meals to our students."
The lunch meal, consisting of savory roasted chicken, brown rice with seasoned black or red beans, steamed green broccoli, fresh seasonal fruit and milk, will be served more than 2.6 million times today in the six districts.
"We created this menu based on the most popular items we commonly serve in each of our Districts," said Leslie Fowler, Director of Nutrition Support Services at Chicago Public Schools. "Our goal moving forward is to identify these commonalities and work with our vendors to capitalize on our purchasing power so that we're providing the best and freshest foods possible to our students at the lowest costs possible."
The Urban School Food Alliance first met in Denver in 2012 and has since kept in communication regularly via telephone. The food services directors from each of the school districts share and review menu items to ensure that they provide access to meals that meet the USDA's nutrient recommendations including whole grain products, low fat dairy, fresh produce and lean protein that when prepared are calorie conscious and low in fat, sugar and sodium. In addition to creating a purchasing powerhouse, the coalition is working to be more ecologically friendly in their respective districts. As a whole, the alliance procures more than $530 million in food and food supplies annually.
In recent years, the school districts in the alliance have implemented innovative ways to provide access to school meals including expanded options for reaching more students with breakfast on campus as well as supper after school in order to meet the needs of students.
©2012 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved.

Mastodon Two India shows cancelled
Two India shows cancelled
Due to circumstances out of the bands control, Mastodon's appearance in India this month has been canceled; Percept Live, the organizer of FLY Music Festival, India’s first ever mutli-genre music events announced that the festival stands cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances. All ticket holders who booked their tickets viaBook My Show or Kya Zoonga will be contacted immediately for a full refund.
For Mastodon news that is customized to you and your hometown such as local concerts and appearances, please fill out the form. At Record Label, we are very concerned about our fans' privacy and do not share or sell your information to other third parties.
You are signed up for email and/or mobile alerts

Chat Box Chicks ~ Welcoming the New Year!
View Single Post
02-10-2013, 03:02 PM
Join Date: Sep 2006
Does anyone have the long rectangle nesties? They're on my wish list but I'm wondering if I'd really make use out of them.
View Public Profile
Send a private message to laurlynn
Visit laurlynn's Gallery
Find More Posts by laurlynn

Tallahassee, FL (Sports Network) - An appearance in the 2013 MEAC-SWAC Challenge, a trip to Ohio State and five home games highlight the Florida A&M football schedule announced on Thursday.
The Rattlers, who have a new head coach in Earl Holmes, will play 12 games, including five at home for the first time since 2006.
Florida A&M will face Mississippi State in the MEAC-SWAC Challenge on Sept. 1 in Orlando. The Rattlers will both open and close their regular season at the Florida Citrus Bowl because they also will face rival Bethune-Cookman in the Florida Classic on Nov. 23.
The Sept. 21 game with Ohio State is the first between the two programs and will net Florida A&M an $850,000 guarantee.
Florida A&M's home games at Bragg Memorial Stadium will be against Tennessee State (Sept. 7) and Samford (Sept. 14) in non-conference action, and Howard (Oct. 19, Homecoming), North Carolina A&T (Oct. 26) and Delaware State (Nov. 16) within the MEAC.
The Rattlers also will play conference games on the road against Morgan State (Oct. 5), Savannah State (Oct. 12), Norfolk State (Nov. 2) and South Carolina State (Nov. 9).
Holmes is trying to lift Florida A&M from a 4-7 finish last season.
2013 Florida A&M Football Schedule
Sept. 1, Mississippi Valley State, MEAC-SWAC Challenge in Orlando, Fla.
Sept. 7, Tennessee State
Sept. 14, Samford
Sept. 21, at Ohio State
Oct. 5, at Morgan State*
Oct. 12, at Savannah State*
Oct. 19, Howard* (Homecoming)
Oct. 26, North Carolina A&T*
Nov. 2, at Norfolk State*
Nov. 9, at South Carolina State*
Nov. 16, Delaware State*
Nov. 23, Bethune-Cookman*, Florida Classic in Orlando, Fla.
* - Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference game

- TV & Video
- Renovation & Decorating
- How To
- Be Healthy
- home beautiful
You can also make one large shakshuka to share. Just spoon the sauce into a large ovenproof ceramic dish. Crack eggs into the dish, spaced evenly apart, then cook following the same recipe.
1. Preheat oven to 180°C. Put six ¾-cup capacity ovenproof ramekins on an oven tray. Heat oil in a large frying pan over a medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic and chilli and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add chorizo and cook for a further 2 minutes or until onion is soft. Add cumin and paprika and cook for a further 30 seconds.
2. Add tomatoes, sugar and salt and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and cook for 5 minutes or until sauce is thickened.
3. Spoon sauce evenly among prepared ramekins. Carefully crack an egg into centre of each. Bake for 12 minutes or until whites have set and yolks are still soft.4. Sprinkle each with dukkah and parsley and serve with sliced baguette.

Oklahoma Deer Hunters Hit Record Harvest
Oklahoma deer hunters have already achieved a record harvest for the state in 2006 — 104,000 and counting — but their opportunities to take deer are far from being over. The state's special antlerless deer season is just around the corner. Scheduled for Dec. 22-24 and Dec. 29-31, these opportunities allow hunters to harvest does outside their combined season limit.
According to Mike Shaw, wildlife research supervisor for the Oklahoma Department of Wildlife Conservation, hunters across the state have already harvested 104,346 deer in 2006, surpassing the previous record of 102,100 deer taken in 2000. That total stands to increase with the remainder of archery and special antlerless seasons still to go. Shaw said other factors will raise the numbers as well, such as final counts from controlled hunts and Deer Management Assistance Program cooperators.
Shaw said a number of circumstances have led to the record harvest, such as the good hunting weather and peak rutting times that fell right in line with this year's rifle season.
But even with the record numbers, Shaw encourages hunters to participate in the special three-day antlerless hunts.
"We need to really focus on increasing the number of antlerless deer harvested, especially in areas that have less desirable buck-to-doe ratios," Shaw said. "And participating in the special antlerless deer season would be an excellent way to do that."
The first three-day period of the special antlerless season will be limited to the northcentral and northwestern portions of the state, excluding most of the panhandle. The second three-day period will be open for hunting in the same areas as the first part of the season, but also in most of the remainder of the state. The panhandle will again be excluded, as will the far southeastern counties. For a map of Oklahoma's antlerless deer hunt zones and to see which counties will be open for the special season, hunters should refer to page 14 of the "2006-07 Oklahoma Hunting Guide."
To participate in the special antlerless deer season, hunters must possess a special antlerless deer gun license as well as an annual hunting license and a fishing and hunting legacy permit. Resident lifetime hunting or combination license holders are exempt from purchasing these licenses.
In addition, hunters participating in the special antlerless deer season must comply with the hunter orange requirements set forth for the regular deer gun season. Archery hunters and those hunting most other species in open special antlerless zones must wear either a hunter orange hat or upper garment while hunting.
To learn more about this year's special antlerless deer season, refer to the "2006-07 Oklahoma Hunting Guide" or log on to www.wildlifedepartment.com.

The Department of Dentistry at Boston Children's Hospital is located on the fourth floor of the Hunnewell Building.
Our modern facility, which includes 10 treatment areas, is designed to accommodate our patients' needs in all specialties of dentistry.
In addition to standard dental radiology capabilities, our department utilizes a computerized panoramic, cephalometric and tomographic dental radiology machine. Craniofacial growth prediction, planning for skeletal and facial surgery, and orthodontic treatment can all be accomplished with the department's computer video imaging, scanning and digitizing equipment.
The department has a dedicated suite that is designed specifically for dental and oral and maxillofacial services with the assistance of conscious or IV sedation.
Also located within the department is the Dental Laboratory. In close proximity, our full-time laboratory technician provides immediate adjustments to various dental appliances for better comfort and fit, timely fabrication of appliances for the operating room, and customization and design of new appliances to help patients with unique problems.
Prevention is important for all areas of medicine, and dentistry is no exception. Stressing the need to prevent decay and periodontal disease, the department utilizes a prevention suite which has toothbrushing and flossing instruction areas. Also used are videotapes which show you how to take care of your teeth.

09-01-2012, 12:04 PM
Join Date: Feb 2012
You're toooo funny!! We call Addison "our special needs" dog as she is the same way, takes 2 minutes to process what we are saying, and then sometimes she forgets and is distracted by the leaf that just fell from the tree, we love her so much for it!!!
I just went on the link....I can't believe it!!! Addy doesn't know even how to sit on her haunches yet!!!! I am not talking about the command "sit", she REALLY does not know how to sit down....thanks so much for this link....it is Addison, tilted head...like huhhhhh. We love her!

Share your documents with thousands of students and teachers!
- Why does Dante put the virtuous pagans and babies in Limbo? Did that go against the medieval church's teachings?
- What is the punishment for the sodomites in Cantos 15-16 of Inferno?
- In The Divine Comedy by Dante, how did the main character, Dante, reeducate his will toward goodness when he took the journey?
- Describe Dante's use of the numbers 3, 9, and 10 in the Divine Comedy, but specifically reference The Inferno?
- In Canto VI of Dante's Inferno, what sin have the inmates committed and what is their punishment? thanks
Test Your Knowledge

Amy Andrews Gossip Girl by Amy Andrews
Charlie Sheen gave $75,000 to help a little girl fight cancer
Posted on Wednesday, December 12, 2012 at 09:29 AM
- Former Nickelodeon star Amanda Bynes arrested for drug possession in New York
- Amanda Bynes' parents are trying to get her placed under a conservatorship
- One Direction won four awards at the inaugural Social Star Awards
- ‘Zero Dark Thirty’ star Jessica Chastain found it ‘scary’ wearing Elizabeth Taylor's necklace
- Bradley Cooper is ‘grateful for’ 'The Hangover' franchise
Father-of-five Charlie told the officer, "No parent should have to watch their kid go through that", and the next day sent a cheque for $75,000 to the Hermosa Beach Police Association, which had started a fund in Jasmine's honour.
According to website TMZ.com, Charlie's stunt-double Eddie Braun also gave $25,000, and the the family is extremely grateful for the donation and hopes their actions will inspire others to join the fight against CR.
CR is a debilitating form of cancer that occurs in the muscle tissue and requires over a year of expensive medical treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
Last month, Charlie gave Lindsay Lohan $100,000 when he heard she was having financial difficulties, but claimed she had never thanked him.
He said: "She got shorted and I found out, so I said, 'Here.'
"I'm still waiting for a text to say, 'Thank you'. Anything you know?"

Our jersey leggings are so versatile, they work just as well under a tunic as they do under an oversized tee and long-line cardi. Made in soft, easy care jersey, they provide effortless comfort and style season after season. Now with improved fit.
Sign up to our email newsletter to receive the latest trends and style tips direct to your inbox. Be the first to hear about:

While it can be difficult for aging adults to get their unique exercise needs met, programs like SilverSneakers are helping older adults take better control of their health. Dr. Oz talks with Steve Lindstrom, senior vice president of Healthway's SilverSneakers Fitness Program, about the nation's leading exercise program designed exclusively for older adults.
Founded in 1992, and available at no additional cost to individuals who belong to participating Medicare health plans, SilverSneakers offers a blend of physical activity, healthy lifestyle information and socially oriented programming for older Americans. The program offers eligible member access to fitness centers, classes, health education seminars and other events that are specially designed for seniors.
According to Steve, SilverSneakers saves insurance companies money while promoting wellness among their customers and has paved the way for other healthcare providers to institute similar plans. Steve says older Americans who are interested in joining a fitness program but do not belong to participating Medicare health plans, should consult their own health insurer, which will now likely offer something similar.
Published on January 01, 2008
Most Popular in Health

Exhibition will provide a meeting place for businesses interested in capitalizing on India's waste management and recycling markets.
Waste Management and Recycling India will be held from 8-10 April 2013 at India Expo Centre and Mart, Greater Noida Expressway, Delhi, India.
The conference is being organized by Inter Ads-Brooks Exhibitions of India in partnership with Mack Brooks Exhibitions Ltd. of the U.K.
The event is planned to provide a meeting place in India for businesses, products and services engaged in the waste and recycling industry, to connect the businesses involved in this sector and to assist professionals in discovering more about doing business in a country with one of the fastest growing economies, reports Michelle Amer, a spokesperson with Mack Brooks Exhibitions.
According to information posted on the conference website, India’s population produces some 68.8 million tons of municipal solid waste per year, a level of 188,500 tons per day. If the current growth trend continues, the organization has estimated, urban India will generate 160.5 million tons by 2041, and over the next decade some 920 million tonnes of solid waste will need to be properly managed.
Amer observes that with its current population of 1.2 billion people and a rapidly developing infrastructure, there are many opportunities in India for businesses in the recycling, waste management and energy from waste sectors. Amer also reports that by 2050, Indian economic output could be equivalent to that of the United States.
A number of U.S., European and U.K. companies are already working in India to take advantage of its waste infrastructure growth, Amer says.
For additional conference program and registration information, visit www.wmrindia.com or email firstname.lastname@example.org.

NEWTOWN -- Sandy Hook Elementary School students and staff will return to classes after the holiday break at a new location that one school board member described as "filled with love.''
The other six Newtown schools will reopen for instruction on Jan. 2. Sandy Hook faculty will report that day to their new location at Chalk Hill School in Monroe to meet and reorganize, followed by an afternoon open house at which teachers, students and parents can reunite.
Chalk Hill has been made over to replicate Sandy Hook Elementary as it was before the shooting of Dec. 14, when 20 students and six educators at the school were killed, including Principal Dawn Hochsprung.
"In one room I visited (at Chalk Hill School), the children's pens and pencils are on the desks, their coats behind their chairs,'' said board member John Vouros, a retired Newtown teacher. "It's as if time stood still.''
Schools Superintendent Janet Robinson announced last week that based on teachers' requests, she opted for a soft opening at Chalk Hill on the first day after the holiday break, with instruction to resume on Jan. 3.
Robinson agreed that teachers need time alone to reassemble as a staff. They will be lead by former Principal Donna Page on a temporary basis. The teachers also wanted time to greet and assure children and parents that they are safe as school begins anew.
On Wednesday, Robinson said some Sandy Hook families have already walked through Chalk Hill School, and that has provided some "comfort'' that the school will be ready for instruction and be safe. Extra security will be on duty, Robinson said.
The timing of the shooting, just before the holiday break, left teachers without time to do much more than attend funerals for their students and staff, Robinson said.
"It's been overwhelming,'' she said. "They need a chance to be together and organize themselves.''
Once staff and students are back to their routine academic schedule, Robinson said, the healing can truly begin.
"Children are amazingly resilient, more than we are as adults,'' she said.
Robinson said she said she is proud of all the "heroes'' in her district who did that horrid Friday what they pledge to do every day -- take care of their students.
"The talk of heroism, this is not mythology,'' Robinson said. "They were doing what teachers would do to protect their children.''
In time, Robinson said, she hopes the school will erect a mural or a quilt of some kind as a memorial.
As for Sandy Hook Elementary School's future, Robinson said she expects a community conversation on that topic to begin shortly.
"That will be a town decision,'' she said.

Hockey fans cheer on Team Canada during their game against Team Denmark during World Juniors hockey action at Rexall Place in Edmonton Alberta, Thursday Dec. 29, 2011.
Credits: DAVID BLOOM/EDMONTON SUN/QMI AGENCY
EDMONTON -- In a game that had moths versus windshield written all over it, there wasn't enough wiper fluid in all of Edmonton to clean off the goo.
But despite all the guts, there wasn't much glory to be found for Team Canada in crushing hopelessly overmatched Denmark 10-2 at the world junior championship Thursday.
This was lambs being lead to slaughter and the Canadians simply went about their business with the cold and ruthless efficiency of an executioner.
"It's a hard game to play in when you're expected to win and expected to score a lot of goals," said head coach Don Hay. "It's not easy to do. But we got through the game with no injuries and we got the win."
They had the win after the first period, in which they outshot Denmark 19-3 and built a 4-0 lead, but there were, unfortunately, two more periods to play, which can best be described as a half-interested cat pawing at a half-dead mouse.
"Maybe not our toughest competition," understated Ryan Strome. "But we have to continually strive to be better. None of the games are getting easier from here on in so we have to keep getting better ourselves."
They'd have to play corpses for the next game to be any easier, but all you can do is play who they put in front of you and the Canadians are 3-0 so far, having beaten Finland 8-1 and the Czech Republic 5-0 for a 23-2 margin of victory so far.
Three straight blowouts might not be the best way to prepare for the biggest games of their lives, but what can you do?
"People can look at it however they want, but we've been tested," said Brett Connolly. "The Finns were a great team, the Czechs gave us a good battle, too. We're a good team."
After scoring more goals in the first (four) than Denmark had shots (three), Canada eased up in the second but still managed to score its fifth, sixth and seventh goals of the night.
And that was it, the other team was Dane like dinner.
"It was a tough one for Denmark, coming up from the B pool," said winger Boone Jenner. "But we just tried to keep playing our game, just play simple hockey."
"It's not like we were trying to run up the score," added forward Brendan Gallagher. "We've been on the other side of those, all of us have, and it's not a good feeling."
The Canadians spent the third period trying not to get injured and that was all the opening Denmark needed to strike back. Nicolai Meyer sniped one past Mark Visentin to break the shutout and eight minutes later Emil Kristensen added a second Danish goal.
At that point, Canada got serious again and scored its eighth and ninth and 10th.
"We knew on the bench that we had to get back to work," said Gallagher. "We were a little sluggish and they took advantage of us. They didn't stop working for the whole game. We just went back to the things that made us successful and were able to score some more goals."
So the Canadians are 3-0 so far, with one game left in the round robin -- a New Year's Eve date with the Americans that could either be for first place in the pool, or rendered entirely meaningless if the U.S. loses to the Czech Republic on Friday.
"We'll be ready to roll on New Year's Eve," said Jenner. "It should be a fun game to play in, and a competitive one."
For a change.

Larry Kim, Founder and Chief Technology Officer
Larry Kim founded WordStream in 2007. He bootstrapped the company by providing internet consulting services while funding/managing a team of engineers and marketers to develop and sell software for search engine marketing automation. In August of 2008 he secured a 4M Series A investment from Sigma Partners.
Today he serves as company CTO and is a contributor to both the product team and marketing teams. Larry practices photography in his spare time.
Larry's background has been in software engineering, software product management, and Internet Marketing (particularly PPC, SEO and Social Media Marketing), for several widely-used software productivity tools over 10 years. Larry's prior roles include:
- Director of Marketing, DataDirect Technologies.
- Director of Marketing, Altova.
- Various Software Engineering & Search Engine Marketing Consulting Jobs
Additionally, Larry is the author of 4 Award-Winning Books on Software Development, and a blogger for the SEOmoz blog, the Wordstream Blog, Search Engine Journal, Marketing Profs, Search Engine Watch, Small Biz Trends, Search Engine Land, Forbes, Inc. Magazine, Online Marketing Institute, and dozens of other business, technology, and internet marketing publications.
Larry received a B.Sc. Electrical Engineering (Honors) from the University of Waterloo, in Waterloo, Canada.
Larry is a frequent speaker at search marketing industry conferences including the following recent and upcoming events.
- May 15, 2013 - Interactivity Digital
- April 8, 2013 - PPC Hero Conference
- March 11, 2013 - SMX West 2013 Search Marketing Expo
- December 8, 2012 - Media Post Search Insider Summit
Search Marketing Thought Leadership
Larry writes frequently about Paid Search, Organic Search, Social Media Marketing, Entrepreneurship, and Software Development topics. The following is a partial list of interviews and articles that Larry has worked on.
MemeBurn (May 22, 2013) - Undervalued Display Ads, mobile; How Tumblr Will Earn Yahoo Billions
Interactivity Digital (May 21, 2013) - 25 Quotables from #ID2013 Conference
The Wall St. Journal (May 21, 2013) - Tumblr’s $1.1 billion sale to Yahoo
Search Engine Land (May 20, 2013) - Try Your Luck at Winning the AdWords Jackpot
Unbounce (May 10, 2013) - 10 Quality Posts That Will Help Boost Your PPC Quality Score
Storecoach (May 10, 2013) - Coach’s SEO Highlight Reel
Jeff Jordan's Blog (May 9, 2013) - Godzilla vs. Mothra, The Sequel
Search Engine Land (May 8, 2013) - How To Use the New Keyword Planner
The Wall St. Journal (May 6, 2013) - The Search For Mesothelioma Clients Intensifies on Web
Small Business Trends (May 1, 2013) - The Top Secret Way to Save 50% on AdWords
Hodges & Company (April 27, 2013) - What You Should Know About Quality Score
Clarity Ventures (April 26. 2013) - Google AdWords Copywriting - Every Word is Important
Search Engine Journal (April 25, 2013) - The Importance of Quality Score in 2013
MarketingProfs Daily Fix Blog (April 22, 2013) - The Poorly Run AdWords Account: An eBay Case Study
Portent (April 9, 2013) - Better Quality Score = Better Results?
TheDrum (April 4, 2013) - As six EU countries target Google over its data policy - should Google be nervous?
Marketing Magazine UK (March 26, 2013) - eBay Paid Search Fails to Hit the Mark
Social Media Today (March 26, 2013) - How Does Google Make Money From Mobile
SEOmoz (March 26, 2013) - 5 Mobile SEO Tips from the Google AdWords Team
eCommerce Times (March 25, 2013) - Marin Software Rocks Wall St.
MediaPost (March 25, 2013) - Combining Real-Life Events With Search Marketing Without Ruining Quality Scores
Rimm-Kaufman Group (March 22, 2013) - What eBay’s Test Results Teach Us
Quartz (March 20, 2013) - Are search ads a waste of money? Why eBay’s controversial study doesn’t matter that much
Koozai (March 20, 2013) - Over 100 Game Changing PPC Strategies From 12 Experts
Small Biz Trends (March 19, 2013) - 5 Lessons You Can Learn from eBay’s AdWords Disaster
Seer Interactive (March 18, 2013) - Looking for a Good Response to eBay’s Paid Search Opinions?
Search Engine Journal (March 16, 2013) - Grading Google’s Top 20 Mobile Products
Search Engine Journal (March 15, 2013) - How Not to Run a PPC Campaign, Inspired by eBay’s AdWords #Fail
ECommerce Bytes (March 15, 2013) - Google Defends Ad Program in Response to eBay Report
AdExchanger (March 15, 2013) - AdBlock Blocked; More Mozilla Cookies
Search Engine Roundtable (March 14, 2013) - Clearly eBay Needs New AdWords Specialists
Search Engine Land (March 14, 2013) - AdWords “Ineffective” Says eBay, Google “Meta-Pause Analysis” Contradicts Findings
Adotas (March 13, 2013) - Google Shopping Goes Mobile
Bloomberg (March 11, 2013) - Google Benefits as Priceline Outspends Expedia on Web Ads: Tech
The Big Picture (March 11, 2013) - Google's Mobile Business
Web Analytics World (March 11, 2013) - How does mobile make Google money?
Small Biz Trends (March 12, 2013) - Time For Small Businesses to Take Mobile Seriously
State of Search (March 12, 2013) - How Google Makes its Mobile Money
Marketing Profs (March 9, 2013) - Google's Top 20 Mobile Products (and How It Monetizes Them)
PPC Hero (March 8, 2013) - Infographic: How Google Makes Money From Mobile
ValueWalk (March 8, 2013) - How Google Inc. (GOOG) Monetizes Mobile
Business Insider (March 8, 2013) - iOS Dominates Android Among Airline Passengers
Search Marketing Standard (March 8, 2013) - Five For Friday
B&T (March 7, 2013) - Google Gets Serious About Mobile
Search Engine Land (March 7, 2013) - Google’s Mobile World, From Ads To Apps To Android
Inc. Magazine (March 6, 2013) - Google's 10 Best Mobile Apps
MemeBurn (March 6, 2013) - Check Out How Google Makes Money From Mobile
The Inquisitr (March 6, 2013) - Google Mobile And The Money Machine: How Search And Platform Development Earns Billions
MediaPost (March 6, 2013) - Mapping Google's Apps, How They Make Money
Kelsey Group (March 6, 2013) - Unpacking Google's Mobile Ad Options
Adotas (March 6, 2013) - How Google Makes Money from Mobile
VentureBeat (March 6, 2013) - The 20 Ways Google Makes Money from Mobile
IntoMobile (March 6, 2013) - Infographic: How Google Monetizes off of Mobile
TheDrum (March 6, 2013) - Google’s mobile profit streams charted
Everything PR (March 6, 2012) - How Google “Won’t” Be Killed Off by Mobile Search
Marketing Pilgrim (March 6, 2012) - Infographic Gives Google’s Mobile Push High Marks
Search Engine Land (March 4, 2013) - How Adwords Enhanced Campaigns Can Be Used To Promote Your Mobile App
WebProNews (March 1, 2012) - Google Launches New Mobile App Download Ad Format
MediaPost (Mar. 1, 2012) - Google's Motorola Hires Former Apple Exec Kawasaki
Search Engine Journal (Mar. 1, 2012) - Are Search Engine Marketers Warming Up to Enhanced Campaigns
Search Engine Land (Feb. 28, 2012) - The Real Reason Why Google Is Dropping The Tablet vs. Desktop Distinction
Small Biz Trends (Feb. 28, 2012) - 5 Surprising Mobile Search Statistics and Facts
Online Marketing Institute (Feb 26, 2012) - How to Use the New Google Offer Extensions in AdWords
Small Biz Trends (Feb, 25, 2012) - Are Google AdWords Offer Extensions Right for Small Businesses?
Web Pro News (Feb. 22, 2013) - The Latest In Google’s Plot Against Groupon
MediaPost (Feb. 22, 2013) - AdWords Enhances Campaigns: Teams Coupons, Search Ads
Search Engine Watch (Feb. 22, 2013) - 3 Essential Mobile Ad Extensions to Get More Clicks from Mobile Devices
Memeburn (Feb. 22, 2013) - Adwords Offer Extensions Google’s plan to kill Groupon
TheDrum (Feb. 22, 2013) - Google integrates Daily Deal offer into AdWords in bid to kill Groupon
Business Insider (Feb. 22, 2013) - Google Is Making Moves To Seriously Disrupt Groupon
Search Engine Land (Feb. 22, 2013): Google Quietly Rolls Out New Offer Extensions in AdWords
Dow Jones Newswire (Feb. 21, 2013) - Google Showing More Deal Offers Inside Search Ads
VentureBeat (Feb. 21, 2013) - Google’s Offer Extensions rolling out within a week, integrating deals with search
Portent (Feb. 20, 2013) - AdWords Enhanced Campaigns – PPC Hangout
Inc Magazine (Feb. 15, 2013) - Reality Check: 5 Entrepreneurial Myths Busted
PPC Hero (Feb. 14, 2012): Are Enhanced Campaigns Going to Ruin Your PPC Accounts?
Performance Marketing Insider (Feb. 13, 2013) - Google Finds a Fix for Mobile CPC Dilemma with Enhanced Campaigns
Forbes (Feb 12, 2013) - Google: How They Just Fixed Their Mobile CPC Problem
aimClear Blog (Feb 11, 2013) - 25 SRSLY Clutch Google AdWords Enhanced Campaign #PPC Blog Posts
Search Engine Land (Feb. 11, 2013) - Making The Case In Favor Of Enhanced Campaigns
Boston Globe (Feb. 11, 2013) - 5 steps to paid search marketing success
Rethink Wireless (Feb. 11, 2013) - Google upgrades AdWords for mobile
BusinessInsider (Feb. 8, 2013) - Here's The Real Reason Google Changed Its Mobile Search Rules
VentureBeat (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google announces ‘biggest change to AdWords in 5 years:’ mobile is now baked in
ClickZ (Feb. 8, 2013) - PPC Pro - You're Being Replaced
Wired Magazine (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google Upgrade Is a Tidal Wave for Advertisers
PC World (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google rolling out AdWords management for multiple devices
Search Engine Watch (Feb. 8, 2013) - AdWords Enhanced Mobile Campaigns: 5 Things PPC Marketers Need to Know
InformationWeek (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google Updates AdWords For Mobile Era
WebProNews (Feb. 8, 2013) - What Google’s Enhanced Campaigns Mean For Small Businesses
TGDaily (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google courts mobile campaigns with AdWords changes
ComputerWorld (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google rolls out AdWords management for multiple devices
International Business Times (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google Devises New Mobile Click Ad Concept For Itself As Well As Yahoo
InsiderMonkey (Feb. 8, 2013) - A Google Inc (GOOG) Change that is Going Unnoticed
Ecommerce Times (Feb. 8, 2013) - Yahoo, Google Buddy Up for Display-Ad Deal
ITWorld (Feb. 8, 2013) - Google plans to upgrade all AdWords campaigns in mid-2013
Search Engine Journal (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google Announces Big Changes to Mobile Campaign Management
Forbes (Feb. 7, 2013) - In Big Shift, Google Aims To Boost Mobile Ad Campaigns - And Its Own Revenues
Small Biz Trends (Feb. 7, 2013) - New AdWords Enhanced Campaigns: 5 Things Small Businesses Need to Know
Business Insider (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google Just Blasted Away The Wall Between Desktop And Mobile Ads
Search Engine Land (Feb. 7, 2013) - The Big AdWords Update: Enhanced Campaigns Puts The Focus On Mobile
Marketing Profs (Feb. 7, 2013) - Mobile Search Advertising Just Got Way Easier: AdWords Enhanced Campaigns
Washington Post (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google’s changes to mobile advertising could fix company’s major problem
Wall St. Journal (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google Acts to Raise Mobile-Ad Prices
MediaPost (Feb. 7, 2013) - New Google Tool Combines Desktop, Mobile Ads
Adotas (Feb. 7, 2013) - Today’s Burning Question: Google AdWords Enhanced Campaigns
GoMoNews (Feb. 7, 2013) - WordStream comments on Google’s new Enhanced Campaigns
Smart Company (Feb. 7, 2013) - Changes to Google AdWords "a big win" for small business
Screenwerk (Feb. 7, 2013) - Google Responds to Rise of Multiscreenwelt with AdWords Campaign Enhancements
Search Engine Land (Feb. 5, 2013) - Live @SMX West: Forget What You Know About Paid Search
Marketing Profs (Feb 1, 2013) - Four Seasonal Keyword Research Tips
Search Engine Journal (Feb 1, 2013) - Buffalo Chicken Dip Wins the Search Engine Super Bowl by a Landslide!
Business Software (Jan 28, 2013) - WordStream Helps You Breathe New Life into Your Search Marketing
MediaPost (Jan. 28, 2013) - BlackRock Sinks $80 Million Into Twitter
Bank of America Small Business (Jan 24, 2013) - E-commerce Best Practices: How to Maximize Online Sales
Business Insider (Jan 23, 2013) - 5 Ad Execs Tell Us What They Really Think Of Facebook's Graph Search
eCommerce Times (Jan. 23, 2013) - Google Posts Gangbuster Growth in Q4
TheDrum (Jan 23, 2013) - Despite first $50bn year, Google sees ad revenue growth slow during Q4
MemeBurn (Jan 23, 2013) - Google Q4 results completely crush analyst expectations
MediaPost (Jan. 18, 2013) - Online Landscape: Marketers Should Watch Google, Macro Trends
USA Today (Jan. 16, 2013) - Facebook's Graph Search is in search of ads
Fox Business (Jan 16, 2013) - Will Graph Search Actually Help Facebook?
The Guardian (Jan. 16, 2013) - Facebook Graph Search: how the industry rates it
The Drum (Jan 16, 2013) - Reaction to Facebook's Graph Search announcement - what does it mean for Facebook?
Marketing Charts (Jan 16, 2013) - 1% of US Google Advertisers Generate 80% of Clicks; Study Methodology Questioned
Adotas (Jan. 16, 2013) - Reaction to Facebook’s New Search Feature
CiteWorld (Jan. 15, 2013) - How Facebook's new search tool could also help businesses
WebProNews (Jan 15, 2013) - No New Ads With Facebook Graph Search, But Sponsored Results Aren’t Going Away
Boston Business Journal (Jan. 8, 2013) - Fast-growing WordStream aims to make SMBs shine on Google ads
Search Engine Watch (Dec. 31, 2012) - 10 Reasons Why Public Relations is a ‘Must-do’ for SEO in 2013
MediaPost (Dec. 28, 2012) - 2013 Predictions From Online Ad, Marketing Experts
Search Engine Watch (Dec. 17, 2012) - Estimating the Impact of iOS 6 Organic Search Data Loss & Relabeling
TopRank Blog (Dec. 12, 2012) - B2B Lead Gen & Social Media Marketing Wins with Sequenced Content
Daily Titan (Dec. 5, 2012) - Bieber Lost Top Spot to Psy
American Banker (Dec. 1, 2012) - Pouring Money Into Google Ads
Search Engine Journal (Nov. 30, 2012) - Top 10 SEO Blockbusters on Twitter this November
PPC Hero (Nov. 29, 2012) - The 8 Metrics That Matter For PPC
AdAge (Nov. 28, 2012) - 'Gangnam' Close to Billion Views; China Takes Down Artist Ai Weiwei's Version
Social Media Today (Nov. 28, 2012) - The Top 22 Viral Marketing Tactics You Need in 2013
Horse Talk (Nov. 26, 2012) - Psy’s horse dance video days away from 1 billion mark
Fast Company (Nov. 26, 2012) - Oppa! South Korean Rapper Psy's Gangnam Style Ousts Justin Bieber's Baby
PopCrush (Nov. 26, 2012) - Psy’s ‘Gangnam Style’ Video Breaks Justin Bieber’s YouTube Record
TechSpot (Nov 26, 2012) - Psy's 'Gangnam Style' video sets multiple records on YouTube
Zap2It (Nov. 25, 2012) - 'Gangnam Style': Psy breaks Justin Bieber's record for most watched YouTube video in history
CNET (Nov. 24, 2012) - 'Gangnam Style' slays Bieber, becomes most-watched vid
memeburn (Nov 24, 2012) - Gangnam Style overtakes Bieber, is most watched video in YouTube history
Business Insider (Nov. 24, 2012) - Should Advertisers Be Angry When Facebook Sells Their Fans To The Competition?
Search Engine Journal (Nov. 24, 2012) - Social Magic: How Psy’s Gangnam Style Beat Justin Bieber on YouTube
Forbes (Nov. 24, 2012) - PSY's Gangam Style Tops Bieber's Baby To Become Most Viewed YouTube Video Ever
Film Industry Network (Nov. 24, 2012) - World record: PSY Gangnam style is the biggest music video ever
memeburn (Nov. 15, 2012) - How Google Made Their Ad Money
MediaPost (Nov. 14, 2012) - A View of Clicks and Conversions
Top Rank Blog (Nov. 9, 2012) - Online Marketing News: The Google Economy, Google Moving Search Options
Inc. Magazine (Nov 7, 2012) - How Google's Page Redesign Could Affect Your Business
WebProNews (Nov 8, 2012) - Google Changes Up The Search Results Page
Internet Retailer (Nov. 7, 2012) - Google redesigns its search engine results pages
MediaPost (Nov 7, 2012) - Analyzing Google's Search Results Page Changes
Washington Post (Nov 6, 2012) - Can search results, online advertising, likes and follows predict an election?
Search Engine Watch (Nov 6, 2012) - Google, Bing & Yahoo Tracking the 2012 Presidential Election Results
Search Engine Land (Nov. 6, 2012) - Can Search Queries And Social Data Predict The Presidential Election Outcome?
The Guardian UK (Nov. 5, 2012) - Does Google really need news media content?
MediaPost (Nov 5, 2012) - Will Search, Online Sentiment Predict Obama's Reelection?
Marketing Profs (Nov. 2, 2012) - The Google AdWords Economy: CPCs, CTRs, Ad Impressions, Conversion Rates
State of Search (Nov. 2, 2012) - Where Does Google’s 100 Million $ Per Day Come From?
Hotel Marketing (Nov. 2, 2012) - Google AdWords in Travel: High CTR but Lower Conversions
Search Engine Land (Nov. 1, 2012) - Data: Only 5 Percent Of Search Advertisers Follow Mobile Best Practices|
Unbounce (Nov 1, 2012) - 24 Hours in the Google Economy – 2012 Stats
Hubspot (Nov. 1, 2012) - An Industry Breakdown of Google's $100 Million Per Day Advertising Revenue
SEOmoz (Nov 1, 2012) - 5 Killer SEO Insights from Analyzing a Billion Dollars in AdWords Spend
Travel News (Nov. 1, 2012) - Google AdWords gets stronger, but travel keywords struggle with conversion
CMSWire (Nov. 1, 2012) - Google's AdWords Bringing in $100 Million Per Day
ValueWalk (Nov. 1, 2012) - Silver Lining In Google’s “Disappointing” Q3 Earnings Numbers
Mashable (Oct. 31, 2012) - University of Phoenix, Ask.com Are Google’s Biggest Advertisers [STUDY]
Huffington Post (Oct. 31, 2012) - University Of Phoenix Is Google's Biggest Advertiser [Report]
Smart Company (Oct. 31, 2012) - Businesses Paying Less for Search Marketing
MediaPost (Oct 30, 2012) - How To Determine A 'Good' Google Conversion Rate
Business Insider (Oct. 30, 2012) - These Are Google's Biggest Advertisers, Ranked By Dollars Spent Daily
Daily Mail UK (Oct. 30, 2012) - Revealed: Google's biggest advertiser is the University of Phoenix
Beyond PR - Official PR Newswire Blog (Oct. 29, 2012) - Content Marketing Case Study: It Sure Looks Like PR to Me
Search Engine Watch (Oct. 26, 2012) - How Google Rakes In Over $100 Million in Search Advertising Daily [Infographic]
Bryan Eisenberg Blog (Oct. 26, 2012) - Google Adwords Conversion Rates by Industry
Wired Magazine (Oct 25, 2012) - How Google Still Makes Billions From Tiny Text Ads
VentureBeat (Oct 25, 2012) - How Google makes $100 million a day
VentureBeat (Oct. 25, 2012) - 30 billion times a day, Google runs an ad (13 million times, it works)
Search Engine Land (Oct. 25, 2012) - Google Bringing In More Than $100 Million Per Day Via AdWords
Web Pro News (Oct 25, 2012) - Google Ads Earning Over $100 Million Per Day
Web Analytics World (Oct. 26, 2012) - Reducing Adwords Costs
Biz Report (Oct. 26, 2012) - Google's disappointing Q3 Earnings Good News for Advertisers
Advertisement Journal (Oct. 26, 2012) - Google Runs Ads 30 Billion Times Per Day
SEOmoz (Oct 22, 2012) - How I Got a Link from the Wall St. Journal
Forbes (Oct. 15, 2012) - 100 Founders Share Their Top "Aha" Moments
AdWeek (Aug 6, 2012) - Beyond Words - Public Relations Embraces Visual Storytelling
Wow Internet Blog (Sept. 26. 2012) - Improving Your Keyword Analysis With WordStream
SEOmoz (Sept 26, 2012) - Using AdWords Data for SEO: Unlocking the Ultimate Keyword Research Treasure Trove (Arrrgh!!)
CIO (Sept. 11, 2012) - 15 LinkedIn Tips to Improve Your Job Search
100k Blueprint (Aug. 26, 2012) - The Death of SEO
Shopatron (Aug. 23, 2012) - What You Can Expect from Google’s New Shopping Changes
PPC Hero (Aug. 23, 2012) - Two Tips to Make the Most of Google’s Latest Results Page Change
Interactivity Marketing (Aug. 21, 2012) - Google Decreases 1st Page Organic Results
Social Marketing Forum (Aug. 18, 2012) - Display Advertising on Facebook versus Google: Who Wins?
MediaPost (Aug. 16, 2012) - SEOmoz Acquires Twitter Tool, Confirms Social-Search Alliance
Koozai Blog (Aug. 15, 2012) - PPC Click Rate Study – How Click Rate Deteriorates Depending on Ranking
The Small Business Authority (Aug. 14, 2012) - An Adwords Performance Grader for Small Business
Forbes (Aug. 14, 2012) - How to Improve Your Online Advertising Campaign
Online Marketing Institute (Aug 13, 2012) - The Future of Search: 10 Questions with Larry Kim of Wordstream
SEO Theory (Aug. 13, 2012) - How Realistic and Successful is Low Maintenance, Long-term SEO?
TechWyse Inernet Marketing Blog (Aug. 10, 2012) - Which Content Network is Better, Google or Bing?
American Express Open Forum (Aug. 6. 2012) - 5 Tips for Getting the Most Out of Online Advertising
Rocky Mountain Search Academy (Aug. 6, 2012) - The War Between Organic and Paid Search
Business Insider (Aug. 6, 2012) - Facebook vs. Google Ad Platform Battle
SalesChase Blog (Aug. 5, 2012) - Why Pay-Per-Click Ads Make Marketing Sense for High Commercial Intent Keywords
SEOmoz (Aug. 3, 2012) - Does SEO Even Work for Small Businesses?
Ghost Blog Writers (Aug. 2, 2012) - Paid Clicks Top Free Clicks for Commercial Keywords
Kairay Media Adwars (Aug. 2, 2012) - Google vs. Facebook!
PPC Associates Blog (Aug. 1, 2012) - is Google Your Biggest Competitor?
Inc. Magazine (Aug 1, 2012) - Can God Call You to Start a Business?
iStudio (Aug. 1, 2012) - Is there a War on Free Clicks?
Bristol SEO - (July 31, 2012) - WordStream Interview; Larry Kim Shares Highlights
Unbounce (July 30, 2012) - Paid Google Ads Punch Organic Search in the Face
TrendHunter (July 27, 2012) - The 'War On Free Clicks' Reveals Hidden Secrets to Traffic
GetBusy Media (July 26, 2012) - Organic vs Paid Traffic Explored
KISSmetrics (July 26, 2012) - The Inexpensive Marketing Plan
ProBlogger (July 26, 2012) - Facebook Ads or Google AdWords: Which One’s for You?
Marketing Tech Blog (July 24, 2012) - Is Paid Search Overtaking Organic Search?
Marketing Profs (July 20, 2012) - Paid vs. Organic Search: Are PPC Ads Winning the Google Click Wars?
Small Business Trends (July 20, 2012) - Google Ads May Be More Valuable Than You Thought
TheDrum (July 19, 2012) - How pay-per-click ads are taking over Google results
ValueWalk (July 19, 2012) - Click Through Rates Could Be Deciding Factor In Google’s Q2 Report
Brafton (July 19, 2012) - Paid search and SEO thrive when paired together
Search Engine Land (July 17, 2012) - Study: Clicks On Google Ads Are Double Organic Clicks For Commercial Searches
VentureBeat (July 17, 2012) - Google and sponsored search results: is there a “war on free clicks?”
Search Engine Journal (July 17, 2012) - How Google Is Killing Organic Search
Business Insider (July 17, 2012) - How Up To 85% Of Google Search Results Are Actually Paid Ads
TheNextWeb (July 17, 2012) - Google ad clicks outnumber ‘normal’ search results by 2:1 for some commercial keywords
PPC Hero (July 21, 2012) - Are PPC Ads Beating Organic Listings for Clicks?
Boy Genious Report (July 17, 2012) - Google declares war on free clicks
Yahoo News (July 17, 2012) - Trend Shifting Toward PPC in the U.S.
Fox Business (July 2, 2012) - Should Your Small Business Advertise on Facebook?
Boston Product Management Association (June 21, 2012) - How to Get your Software Product to Market
Official Microsoft Bing Ads Blog (June 21, 2012) - Yahoo! Bing Network Help Online Farm-Equipment Directory Hit Target
Dowicher Designs Blog (June 21, 2012) - In an Advertising Battle Between Facebook and Google, Who Wins?
KooZai Blog (June 20, 2012) - Facebook vs Google Display Network
Motley Fool (June 20, 2012) - Google: A Growth Company Masquerading as a Value Stock
Content Marketing Institute (June 14, 2012) - How to Build a Content Marketing Tool Set
Search Engine Watch (June 13, 2012) - Paid & Subscription-Based Keyword Research Tools
Hausman Marketing Letter (June 11, 2012) - Google Adwords: How Adwords Creates Online Success|
The Entrepreneur Blog (June 10, 2012) - Get a Free AdWords Campaign Evaluation!
Site Trail (June 6, 2012) - Google Ads Are Clicked 10 Times More Often Than Those On Facebook
Aer Icon (June 5, 2012) - The 5 Core Principles of Revenue Performance Management
Distilled (June 5, 2012) - Get Better At The Internet: 17 Pro Tips For Every Industry
Motley Fool (June 3, 2012) - Facebook: To Buy or Not To Buy?
Software Magazine (June 1, 2012) - 5 Tips for Taking Your Software Product from Prototype to Production Quality
ClickZ (June 1, 2012) - Online Advertising in the Age of Agility
Top Rank Blog (June 1, 2012) - Online Marketing News: Facebook vs. Google Ads
Motley Fool (May 30, 2012) - Where's the Beef, Facebook?
SEOmoz (May 29, 2012) - Oops, I ruined the Facebook IPO!
Marketing Land (May 29, 2012) - Facebook Should Keep Ignoring (Some) Advertisers
Ecommerce Times (May 26, 2012) - Beyond the Blame Game: Can Facebook Be Fixed?
CMS Wire (May 24, 2012) - Facebook vs Google Display Network Online Ad Smackdown: Who Comes Out On Top?
Yahoo Finance News (May 23, 2012) - How does Facebook make money?
Revenue Performance (May 23, 2012) - Facebook Ads: Not Cheap, Not Effective
Reuters (May 22, 2012) - China diversified dot-coms avoid Facebook pitfalls
Adsolut Blog Italy (May 22, 2012) - Pubblicità su Google o Facebook?
ValueWalk (May 22, 2012) - Facebook vs. Google: The War of Ads
T3N Germany (May 22, 2012) - Facebook vs. Google: Duell der Ad-Giganten
NewsTex (May 21, 2012) - Facebook Advertising vs. Google Display Network
Website Magazine (May 21, 2012) - Report Puts Facebook, Google Ad Values on Display
Technology Spectator (May 21, 2012) - The Facebook-Google Ad War
Website Magazine (May 21, 2012) Report Puts Facebook, Google Ad Values on Display
Lonely Brand Blog (May 21, 2012) - Wall Street LOLs at Facebook IPO
Internet Marketing News Watch (May 21, 2012) - Report Puts Facebook, Google Ad Values on Display
Information Week (May 21, 2012) - 4 Ways Facebook Can Woo SMBs
MediaPost (May 21, 2012) - The Search Expert Who Bought And Sold Facebook Stock
Celt Digital (May 21, 2012) - After last week’s IPO, Facebook advertising – does it work?
c:rae-tive (May 21, 2012) - Are Facebook Ads Effective? One Would Second Guess
Trend Hunter (May 20, 2012) - The 'Facebook IPO: Can it Beat Google?'
CBC - Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (May 18, 2012) - Facebook closes just above $38 IPO price
CNN (May 18, 2012) - Google y Facebook pelean por anunciantes. El producto eres tú
Bulldog Reporter (May 18, 2012) - Does Facebook Advertising Actually Work? WordStream Shows Google Offers More
MSN (May 18, 2012) - Facebook goes public at $42
Vator News (May 18, 2012) - Facebook closes debut day just pennies above IPO price
Wall St. Cheat Sheet (May 18, 2012) - Facebook, What Happened?
Wall St. Cheat Sheet (May 18, 2012) - Why GM Opted Out of Facebook - Should You?
Billboard (May 18, 2012) - 5 Reasons Why Facebook Won't Spend its IPO Money on the Music Business
The Register (May 18, 2012) - WordStream: Facebook Ads are Very Boring and not Very Imaginative
Wealth Daily (May 18, 2012) - Facebook IPO Hype: Buy When the Sky is Falling
Information Week (May 18, 2012) - Facebook's History: From Dorm To IPO Darling
Financial Times (May 18, 2012) - Facebook IPO in numbers
Huffington Post (May 18, 2012) - Facebook goes public any minute
Motley Fool (May 18, 2012) - Psst! What if Facebook shares are actually cheap?
Metro Newspaper (May 18, 2012) - GM pulls facebook advertising (South Africa)
PC World (May 18, 2012) - General Motors dejará de pagar por publicidad en Facebook (Mexico)
Xinhua - Official News Agency of China (May 17, 2012) - Facebook身未動價已漲 股東賺瘋 -
ABC News (May 17, 2012) - Facebook prices its IPO at $38, could raise $16 billion
Jalopnik (May 17. 2012) - GM Will Remove $10 Million Worth Of Ads From Facebook
Branding & Marketing (May 17, 2012) - When Should You Advertise on Facebook Over Google?
Being Your Brand (May 17, 2012) - Who Has the Better Ad Network? Facebook Vs. Google
TechJournal (May 17, 2012) - Why did GM drop its Facebook advertising?
The Star Tribune (May 17, 2012) - Google Totally Blows Facebook Away
Examiner (May 17, 2012) - Was GM's Facebook ad failure GM's or Facebook's fault?
Huffington Post (May 17, 2012) - Facebook Ads: Can They Beat Google?
Reuters (May 17, 2012) - GM Pulled Ads From Facebook After Social Network's Failed Pitch: Report
State of Search (May 17, 2012) - Facebook IPO: Can It Beat Google?
WebProNews (May 17, 2012) - More Arguments That Facebook Ads Are Shoddy
The Takeaway (May 17, 2012) - Facebook vs. Google: The Ad Model Cage Match
More About Advertising (May 17, 2012) - Wordstream research reveals why GM pulled $10m adspend from Facebook
WebRazzi (May 17, 2012) - Borsa arefesindeki Facebook’un reklam performansı ne durumda? (Turkey)
StayWyse (May 17, 2012) - Facebook Advertising VS Google Advertising
Business Spectator (May 17, 2012) - GM ad withdrawal casts shadow over Facebook IPO
Vator News (May 17, 2012) - Analysts still find Facebook doesn't match up with Google's Ad Network, Spells Trouble
Washington Post (May 17, 2012) - Is Facebook really a good business?
TheDrum (May 16, 2012) - Facebook Research illustrates advertising underperformance
Computing.co.uk (May 16, 2012) - Facebook advertising failing to click with users, According to new Study
CIO Magazine (May 16, 2012) - Why Facebook Marketing Doesn't Work
Les Affaires (May 16, 2012) - GM porte un dur coup à Facebook (France)
ABC News (May 16, 2012) - Facebook's IPO, From an Adman's Perspective
French Web (May 16, 2012) - Publicité Online : Facebook vs Google, le Match! (France)
Lupa: (May 16, 2012) - GM přestal inzerovat na Facebooku (Czech Republic)
VentureBeat (May 16, 2012) - Are Facebook Ads Really that Bad?
Adverblog (May 16, 2012) - Google Beats Facebook Media
IDG News Service (May 16, 2012) - GM Will Stop Paying for Ads on Facebook - Because They Don't Work
Radio Taiwan International (May 16. 2012) - 臉書IPO在即 驚傳通用擬撤廣告
Performance Marketing Insider (May 16, 2012) - Facebook vs Google Ads
Financial Times Deutschland (May 16, 2012) - Facebook verliert großen Werbekunden
In Auto News (May 16, 2012 ) - GM ad Withdrawal puts Facebook in Dilemma
Forbes (May 16, 2012) - Facebook: Facing the Facts
Fox Business (May 16, 2012) - Time for Facebook to Grow Up
Minyanville (May 16, 2012) - Should Investors Be Concerned If More Advertisers Abandon Social Networks?
PC World (May 16, 2012) - GM Will Stop Paying for Ads on Facebook - Because They Don't Work
USA Today (May 16, 2012) - Facebook must change after IPO
The Week UK (May 16, 2012) - Facebook worth $105bn? Not if you Believe Advertisers
The Economist (May 16, 2012) - Facebook's Flotation The final Countdown
New Zealand Herald (May 16, 2012) - GM to pull ads from Facebook - Report
PC Advisor UK (May 16, 2012) - Do Facebook ads work? Apparently, not Really
PC Magazine (May 16, 2012) - After GM Loss, Can Facebook Compete in the Ad Game?
Search Engine Journal (May 16, 2012) - Why Did GM Drop Facebook Advertising?
Silicon Republic (May 16, 2012) - Facebook can’t beat Google at the Advertising Game
PC World (May 16, 2012) - Why Facebook Marketing Doesn't Work for GM
Washington Post (May 16, 2012) - Why Facebook ads are Different
Network World (May 16, 2012) - Facebook Ads Don't Work
ComputerWorld (May 16, 2012) - OOPS! GM drops Facebook ads: They don't work
ABC News (May 16, 2012) - Facebook's IPO Means What For You?
News24 (May 16, 2012) - GM pulls ads from Facebook
Web Analytics World (May 16, 2012) - Targeting Marketing
The Register UK (May 16, 2012) - Why GM slammed the brakes on its $10m Facebook ads
The Guardian UK (May 16, 2012) - Five reasons not to buy Facebook shares
Marketing Land (May 15, 2012) - Ahead Of IPO, GM Drops Facebook Ads; Forrester Warns Other Companies May Follow
Mashable (May 15, 2012) - Can Facebook Ads Ever Beat Google?
CNN (May 16, 2012) - Ad War: Google versus Facebook
Wall St. Journal (May 15, 2012) - Google Ads Seen as More Effective Than Facebook’s
The Atlantic (May 15, 2012) - People Click on About One of Every 2,000 Facebook Ads They See
Mashable (May 15, 2012) - Can Facebook Ads Ever Beat Google?
Tech Economy (May 15, 2012) - Facebook vs Google, sfida sull’advertising (Italy)
MediaPost (May 15, 2012) - Facebook Needs Open Ad-Targeting Formats To Succeed
Daily Finance (May 15, 2012) - Psst! What if Facebook Is Actually Cheap?
TheNextWeb (May 15, 2012) - GM to drop Facebook advertising, citing poor results
BizReport (May 15, 2012) - Forecast: Social Media Revenues to reach $9.8 billion but will ROI measure up?
Adotas (May 15, 2012) - Can Facebook Ads Beat Google?
Boston Herald (May 15, 2012) - Study: Google ads work better than Facebook Ads
Business Insider (May 15, 2012) - DATA: Google Totally Blows Away Facebook On Ad Performance
USA Today (May 15, 2012) - GM to stop buying ads on Facebook?
Wall Street Journal (May 15, 2012) - Google Ads Seen as More Effective Than Facebook’s
AFP Agent-France-Presse (May 15, 2012) - GM to pull ads from Facebook
International Business Times (May 15, 2012) - Analysts Urge Facebook To Satisfy Advertisers More Amidst IPO
ValueWalk (May 15, 2012) - Study: Google Inc (GOOG) Ads Crush Facebooks’
WebProNews (May 15, 2012) - Facebook or Google: Who Wins at Advertising?
The Atlantic (May 15, 2012) - People Click on About One of Every 2,000 Facebook Ads They See
Fast Company (May 15, 2012) - Social Ad Spending To Reach $10B Soon, But How Much For Facebook?
Whole Brain Marketing Blog (May 10, 2012) - Walker v. Barrett: Can Social Media Activity Predict The Winner
PPC Blog (May 4, 2012) - 5 AdWords Tips from PPC Masters
CMS Wire (Apr. 25, 2012) - Navigating WordStream's Internet Marketing 150
Fast Company (Apr. 19, 2012) - The Environmental Impact Of Your Googling
Shoe String Venture (Apr. 5, 2012) - WordStream: Automating AdWords Expertise for Small and Mid-sized Businesses
Search Engine Land (Mar. 16, 2012) - Using Wordstream’s AdWords Performance Grader For An Instant Audit
The Guardian UK (Mar. 16, 2012) - Total US newspaper industry's revenue less than Google's alone
Intuit Small Business Blog (Feb. 29, 2012) - Should Your Small Business Buy Pay-Per-Click Advertising?
Search Engine Watch (Jan. 30, 2012) - AdWords Performance Grader Tool Touts More Accurate PPC Data Reports
CNET (Jan 24, 2012) - Google's biggest AdWords customers might surprise you
Search Engine Watch (Jan. 23, 2012) - How Google Made $37.9 Billion in 2011
Wall St. Journal (Jan 23, 2012) - Google Leans on Rivals for Revenue
American Express Open Forum (Jan 18, 2012) - Why Small Businesses Should Care About SOPA

It’s Time to Panic — The Great Chicken Wing Shortage May Wreak Havoc with Your Super Bowl Plans
Okay, America. We have some news that will profoundly affect how you watch the Super Bowl. Brace yourself.
No, scientists still haven’t figured out a way to teleport you there under the cloak of invisibility, so you still need a ticket.
It turns out a shortage of chicken wings may be on the horizon
What the cluck is that about? That’s like playing a Super Bowl without a football.
Before you go loco, keep in mind the very fake-sounding, but very much real National Chicken Council chimed in to explain the reason behind this biggest national disaster not involving the name Manti Te’o. And while the economics behind it are more convoluted than the 49ers defensive scheme, it comes down to this:
“Demand for wings this year is at ‘an all-time high’ due to decreased wing production caused by the high cost of corn and feed prices. Wings are currently the highest priced portion of a chicken and cost $2.11 a pound in the Northeast, up 12 percent from last year.”
The council says 1.23 billion wing segments – they don’t sound as tasty when called “segments” do they? — will be wolfed down during this year’s big game, about 12.3 fewer than we gobbled up last year when the New York Giants managed to wipe the smirk off Bill Belichick’s face.
Short of Beyoncé deciding to lip sync (again!) during halftime, this may be the most scandalous thing to hit this year’s game. The Super Bowl is the second biggest day for food during the year, trailing only Thanksgiving, and wings are the most consumed item on this most sacred of Sundays.
A spokesman for the National Chicken Council did manage to alleviate everyone’s worst fear, though, by saying wings will be available. He added that although they may cost a bit more, “The good news for consumers is that restaurants plan well in advance to ensure they have plenty of wings for the big game.” Phew. Bullet dodged.
Good to know because without wings, we’d be left only to eat pizza. And sliders. And Doritos. And M&Ms. And pigs in a blanket. And fried chicken. And subs. And pretzels.
And heaven knows that’s just not enough selection for all the artery-clogged football fans out there.

Tuesday, August 15, 2006
Mrs. Plager told her boys not to grow up to be cowboys.
So they didn't.
Over at CIO the debate rages about whether or not Brian Leetch is an answer for our D corps.
I said no but regular commentator Steve asked, well, who then?
Uh ... good question.
Regular surfers here know I'm a pint half full type of guy or as Lowetide would say I tend to Blue sky things.
I'll admit to that.
And while I can paint a scenario where the Oilers can make do with their D as presently constituted just as I painted a scenario where the Oilers could get by the Wings, the truth is this team has three decent guys who can eat up minutes (Smith, Staios, Tarnqvist) and a bunch of question marks. Bergeron might figure it out. Hejda may be a player. One of Smid, Gilbert, Syvret or Young may be ready. Greene may be ready to be Commodore (although I think he is a year or two away from that in reality). Check out San Jose's D if you want to see young and unproven. They did alright.
The truth is the Oil likely will get a decent third pair out of the lot of them this season and in a year or two we will have a nice quality young D corps.
So where do we look?
A really nice summary of teams and their cap situations here and a few things jumped out at me.
The Oilers have gone back to being young - the third youngest team after San Jose and Columbus from what I can see. Of course this includes Schremp on the roster.
Jersey, even with the rumours that they are going to try and hide Mogilny and Malakhov on the IR to resolve their salary situation, are still in big cap trouble. Problem is the guy I like, Rafalski, has an expensive number on his contract and I'm not sure if Matvichuk or Lukowich add much more then what we have.
So, why the Plager brothers up above? Because while the Blues may have, in some estimations (Lowetide again and Mudcrutch as well) have had a nice summer, I think they aren't even close to being back. And they have a lot of age up front - Weight, Guerin, Tkachuk and Drake. Only Detroit, Jersey and Dallas are older.
And they have three young Dmen - Brewer, Backman and Jackman.
Could we pry either of the latter two away for a young forward or two? Would Torres fit the bill? Or someone else?
Maybe a fit?
Posted by Black Dog at 2:12 PM

Here is the essay based on the observance of the recurrence and cost of wars during my lifetime.
How fine might this world have been and how great might it have become, but for the upheaval of cataclysmic war? How much more civilized and humane, how caring and decent, how trusting in love and oriented with virtue? For, of one thing yet may we be assured, that the world can only be poorer today by the lacking, deficient today by the omission of the contributions and hopes of those deceased or disabled by the dreadful decimation of wars which have taken so many of the talented and the brave from out our midst, from off the broken breadth of this peculiar, polluted planet, from space so yet beautiful a distant blue, this our world, our war-torn, weeping world, carbureted under the hungry skies of this so much Hamburger Heaven Earth that so well knows the nature and the ubiquitous loss of un-godly war.
Still, so ever most graciously abetted by blood, it is surely a better world ensconce we here today--for the life, and well-being sacrificed of these ever so valiantly brave, as did they ever so gallantly behave in the preserving of good, in the thwarting of evil--then might else have been attained for this our home of estuaries humane as course the banks and bridges, branches and arms, floes and coves and inlets in and about the lands and seas of the free, of we the peoples yet ardent and free who tread firmly today in both safety and in peace over the clear, cool paths and porticos of freedom with un-leaned-on a deed-- our soldiers having thus secured and sealed these byways in the sacrificial medium of their very human lives.
May we give thanks to God on this, and on all days, for these military women and men, our warriors, our air-men and sea-men, present, past and future who make, have made, and will make clear and safe the thoroughfares of freedom. Thank you, Soldiers, for the most decent, shining and princely of ardencies and for the utterly altruistic magnanimity of your supremely chivalrous sacrifices. "No greater love has a man than this..." And you much more deserve than these, our little medallions and fillets, our bands and cinctures and carcanets, these little stars and hearts and crosses, these shreds of purple and ribbons of blue, cinches and braids of honorary hue bestowed of dignitaries, generals, governors, and presidents -- although prestigiously fitting, these small signs, so quite impelling to discern upon the chests of You, our true heroes-- yet matching not the level of our indebtedness and gratitude to you.
>Graduate of Pennsylvania State University >Ex-Serviceman--US Army and Technical Writer >Resides in Saint Cloud, Fl with Wife, Benj; Dog, Skittle; and several Queen Palms. >Novel in progress, writes poetry also